Audience/Customer Segment: Traders

Customer Timeline

First thought:

I'm paying double taxes and have a heavy administration to move from Crypto to Fiat and vice versa.

Event 1:

He attends a talk by Felipe and agrees to a meeting.

Event 2:

He checks out who Felipe is and Felipe gives him the pitch.

Big Hire:

He receives the Kravata contract and finds that it has very reasonable clauses and that it does a good job of risk management for the move from FIAT to Crypto and vice versa.

Finished or Experienced:

He makes his transactions and they are always done on time and under agreed conditions.

Forces of progress
Designed by Rewired Group

Designed by Rewired Group

Previous situation:

The user had a process of international transactions
New solution: Kravata

Kravata to monetize and to move from FIAT to Crypto and vice versa
Push from the previous situation:

The costs and times associated with the traditional approach were unsustainable.
Expensive and slow, using banks and paying double tax (in USA and Colombia).
P2P does not meet legal requirements for a company to make transactions and the exchange rate is variable, making it difficult to run a business in which you don't know what the costs are, and this variability cannot be transferred to the customer.
Pull of the new solution:

Kravata offers greater efficiency in terms of speed, costs, and time.
There is a defined cost for transactions that allows business decisions to be made.
Risk is minimized through contracts and solid clauses.
The company is developing technological channels to integrate with other services. At the moment it is done via WhatsApp, and the issue of the API attracts him to make the process even more efficient.
The solution aligns with the user's corporate roadmap.
Habits of the previous approach:

Use of bank services and payment of double tax.
There was no efficient way to move from cryptocurrencies to FIAT currencies and vice versa.
Anxieties about the new solution:

Concern about legal, tax, and risk gaps in the industry.
The lack of institutionalization of similar solutions in other markets, such as in the United States.
Key aspects of Kravata:

Provides certainty in transaction costs, allowing for better business planning.
Helps cover risks that are not covered by other solutions in the market.
Provides an institutionalized and safer approach than P2P.
The user is interested in referring other businesses to Kravata and receiving commissions for it.
Job to be done:

When I am: running my business
Help me to: manage legal risks, operation (moving from crypto to FIAT and vice versa), and have a predictable cost structure
So I can: operate my business.


Audience/Customer Segment: Exchange
JTBD timeline

First thought:

I need to operate in a new market/how can I reduce the costs associated with switching from FIAT and Crypto and vice versa by having a local player who has access to better rates and makes transactions almost instantly.

Event 1:

I was operating with an international player, but since they didn't have a local presence, it was more expensive and they didn't make transactions quickly, they accumulated them.

Event 2:

The local team starts looking for local providers and receives suggestions from trusted people.

Big Hire:

They listen to the pitch, perform reliability and capability tests (legal, infrastructure, and resource delivery). They review the founders and their history in the service they are offering.

Finished or Experienced:

Fast and effective transactions every day.

Forces of progress
Old solution:

International operators without local presence.

New solution:

Local operator.

Push of the old situation:

Unattractive rates.
Transactions are not made quickly, they accumulate.
Pull of the new solution:

Automations to make transactions faster and reduce the risk of errors associated with human factors.
More attractive rates and shorter times to execute transactions.
Habits of the old way:

Allies with whom they have already passed legal tests, capabilities, and reputation.
Anxieties about the new solution:

Operation closures for holidays.
Very short operating times.
That the agreements between the ends are respected.
Job to be done:

When I am: operating towards a country,
Help me to: make transactions at competitive rates, quickly and minimizing risks,
So I can: operate my business.

Audience/Customer Segment: Crypto Native not a Kravata Customer


Audience/Customer Segment: Traditional finance person